## Save the Ocean Pygame
Welcome to our Save the Ocean Pygame library! Here you find all the files needed to play the game. Please ensure you have Pygame installed before attempting to run the game in python. 

# What is it about? 
Save the Ocean is a game developed, designed, and built by two friends (aka Charley & Myself). The central idea of the hackathon was to address the climate issue through coding. As beginners we ultimately were planning to make a website/app, but were unable to be successful especially due to time. That is when Charley found the Pygame library and both of us got to work. The climate crisis addresses many areas in the world, however we both sympathized the most with the ocean and marine life. Pollution of our oceans waters has been extremely detrimental to our marine life. Our game is a simulation where the use is out on the beach collecting trash before it makes it's way to the water. For every 1000 points earned the user will be shown a ocean pollution fact that explains how our actions impact the lives of other living organism. If the player earns 5000 points they win and essentially "Save the ocean!", but if they accumulate more than 50 points of loose trash it's "Game Over!" and the screen will display a seal entangled in fishing net. The realities of our world are harsher than we believe them to be which is why we wanted our facts and game over screen to be heavy and not as cute and aesthetic like the rest of the game. 

# Thanks for checking our game out! 
